Git

Git init
Git add —— add to stage
Git add .  ————- to add al the files in the project
Git commit -m“first project”. ——— adding to git branch
Git remote add origin <link>
Git push -u origin main(any branch name)
Git checkout -b harshabranch - if ‘’harshabranch’’ is not there then it will create new branch with that name and then other will switch
(You can use git checkout branch name or git switch branch name.  To switch from now branch to another branch  )
Git merge —— to merge the code changes between 2 branch (first with to the branch that you anted to merge with)


Git log.   —— logs
Git status   ——  status
Git diff
Git commit -a -m “first project” —adding to branch with out adding to stage
Git diff —— to find the difference btw local and stage
Git diff -staged — to find the difference between staging and commit
Git rm —cached cread.txt.   ———to delete the file from the git

Git checkout harshabranch  — it will directly with to the provided branch, if the branch is not here then it will give error


instaling Playwright —  npm init playwright@latest

Commands to run the test ——
1. npx playwright show-report  —report.  —  to see the reports
2. npx playwright test            - to run all the test
3. npx playwright test —headed             - to see the browse that test is runing all the test
4. npx playwright test Home.spec.js            -    to run specific test
5. npx playwright test Home.spec.js --project=chromium       - to run specific test in specific browser
6. npx playwright test Home.spec.js --project=chromium  —headed      -  to see the running specific test in specific browser
7. npx playwright test Home.spec.js --project=chromium  —headed —debug  -  to see the running specific test in specific browser in debug mode
8. npx playwright codegen — to record and generate the code



Locate single element——
Page.locator().click()
Page.click()
Page.fill(‘’,’’)
Page.locator(‘’).fill()

Locate the multiple elements—
Page.$$()

To install allure plugin
Allure report - npm i -D allure-playwright
Or     (. npm install -g allure-commandline --save-dev. )

Run the test
Npx playwright test —project chromium —headed —reporter=line,allure-playwright
